Here we have the bike for those of
position before you finish connecting it
what I'm going to do is measure the current
to verify effectively that I am
circulating
maximum 100 thousand jumpers that
support the LEDs is how are three
series will do 300
but I think it's a good opportunity
to verify the tensions
because good as you have already seen that
set the stop and the stop will vary a lot
intensity for example if I have the light
low or high on or if I put the
turns because I just do not know if the
battery is voted or what but there's a lot
variation when when I turn on the lights
I get off a lot so probably
finish putting a voltage regulator
as to keep the fixed voltage not
be at 9 to 8 volt
I'll see that now with the little one if
copied therefore the one that I have we are going to
verify all tensions
here we are going to see
to see if I 'm going to pay I 'm going to pay the light
we have
well fixed constant 11.59 actually
and what I'm going to do is verify all
these tensions but with the motorcycle in
march with the same lit with the
turn rods and then finally we're going to
comment it
11 comma
Fifty-odd on the way down us the
volume
13.7
at 13 8 or so you should have
some little piquitos but pretty
constant
now what happens always and now I have the
profession
we'll see
the day
low
12.3
enough and if I also put the shot
there are known variations
it varies between 23 and more or less
and also the brake was squeezed
nothing happens
definitely
live
308 would be the normal function
now let's measure the current
position scenarios